---
layout: post
title: "Alex"
modified:
categories: interviews
excerpt: Founder of 26 grains
tags: [business, london, porridge]
image:
  feature:
author: alex_hh
---

###Did you always want to go into food?
I've spent time working under two professional chefs. It was a great experience but it didn't give me the joy that I get from running something smaller and a bit more creative. When I was younger I always dreamt about having a tea shop. <span data-clip="argentina" class='hover_clip'>I used to carry around a notebook and write down anything that I though worked well.</span>  The year that I spent living in Scandinavia was a tipping point.<span class='hover_clip' data-clip="copenhagen"> They truly embrace grains there.</span>. It was amazing to see the way that they avoid refined ingredients and incorporate spices.

###Why porridge?
I love food, and healthy eating in general, but when you begin [a business] it's important to become known for something. <span data-clip="bacon" class='hover_clip'>I chose porridge as a place to start probably because of the time that I spent in Copenhagen.</span>

>In Denmark they have this word, 'Hygge'. There is no literal translation into English but in essence it means comfort - sharing - togetherness - warmth;

<span data-clip="badly" class='hover_clip'>and they felt that porridge really sums it up.</span>

###Isn't it only for breakfast?
No! The ways that you can eat it are endless. During exams I once ate it three times a day for a week. Hot chocolate porridge with cacao is an amazing afternoon snack. But you can also use grains in savory ways. It can become almost like a salad. <span data-clip="flexible" class="hover_clip">It's very flexible.</span>

###What was the best moment you've had so far?
The first customer who decided to buy a pot. That felt amazing. And then... it's wonderful everytime someone decides to come back.

###On starting up:
<span data-clip="messingup" class="hover_clip">"Just do it!</span> Even if it's only a supper club with friends to start with.

>Popups are also a really low risk way to try concepts out.

I used to make endless lists. When the space at Old st station came up I had no idea about price points or what would really work <span data-clip="herewego" class="hover_clip">but it was such a great opportunity so I went for it.</span>

###Is there anything you wished you had?
Easy - a permanent space. Popup events often aren't there for very long and the people going past are in a hurry. It can be difficult to get their attention and imediately convey what you are about. After the first few days at Old Street station we started playing music in the mornings and that really worked!

>People said to us; "I love this song, I want to be part of what you are doing."

###What do you know that you would like other people to realise?
Make a conscious decision about which businesses you choose to support. <span data-clip="voting" class="hover_clip">Every penny you spend is a form of voting.</span> You have the power to keep ideas alive.

<audio id="argentina">
	<source src="{{site.url}}/assets/audio/alex/argentina_alex.m4a">
</audio>
<audio id="copenhagen">
	<source src="{{site.url}}/assets/audio/alex/copenhagen.m4a">
</audio>
<audio id="bacon">
	<source src="{{site.url}}/assets/audio/alex/bacon.m4a">
</audio>
<audio id="badly">
	<source src="{{site.url}}/assets/audio/alex/badly.m4a">
</audio>
<audio id="flexible">
	<source src="{{site.url}}/assets/audio/alex/flexible.m4a">
</audio>
<audio id="messingup">
	<source src="{{site.url}}/assets/audio/alex/messingup.m4a">
</audio>
<audio id="voting">
	<source src="{{site.url}}/assets/audio/alex/voting.m4a">
</audio>
<audio id="herewego">
	<source src="{{site.url}}/assets/audio/alex/herewego.m4a">
</audio>
