Makers academy fairy. Sprinkling joy wherever she goes.

#Dana

##Chief Joy Officer

Her role is to facilitate the wellbeing of the students and staff at Makers Academy. Wellbeing encompasses all aspects, physical, mental, spiritual.

Facilitate, I don't actually make any body happy but I can show you tools to bring about your own inner joy.

This gives me a lot of joy . It's a nice cycle. When people feel the benefit it's incredibly gratifying. It makes me feel happy and joyful - it's quite a selfish act really because seeing you happy make me feel so dam good!

##What happens at Makers Academy?
People experience the full spectrum of emotions. Its intense. Everyone here is a star of thier own movies, work or family where thier energy and focus is dispersed and suddenly its 12 weeks all about you for a change. Not in a selfish way.

[20]The course is tough. The focus on themselves brings out a lot of stuff. Things that you thought you were but you aren't. A lot of people come here eager and excited and comfortable in the knowledge that they are smart and when they start hitting brick walls from day one .They are not used to failing so consitantly. They usually know that if they apply themselves they get what they want and makers sort of beats that out of you, at least for the begining. But then eventually you just have to trust the process and then things start coming toghether but not on your time frame. They are in a period of wondering why am i not getting this. They doubt themselves. They feel stupid. They feel the urge to compare themselves and it brings out a lot of raw emotion, looking at themselves saying "why can't i get this?". The pressure is on as well becuase the course is moving fast and a lot of people come here to completely change there lives which provides this added pressure. as well as the fee of the course being pretty high, there is a lot riding on teh course and not getting it, it can be very jarring in the first few weeks.

##calm them
I meet them where they are and listen. Speak about the course or makers academy or change external circumstances to make things easy for them. It its a feasible suggestion then we make the change. A lot of times they are really jared by the nature of the course. Starts with things related to coding but then very quickly they reveal what is really going on is that they want to work on themselves and issues will come out. I'm really really hards on myself or ive always felt insecure because i have dslexia. We start working on that and then it helps them concentrate and feeling better about themsleves. walk out having a clearer sense of self and are more allowing with the process - stop the resistant energy inside of them. when you do that you can open up, go with it and do the dance now. YOu become more maluable to the process, you allow it to take you and it usually works out.

It cultivates the right attitude - understanding others. People create themselves when they come here. Who they want to be. I'm in an enviroment now where I can get the best out of myself. We facilitate that.

Encouraging kindness - you can't comdem youself to sucess. You have to love yourself there.
``We don't check our internal dialogues. We sometimes speak to ourself worse than we would to our worst enemies. Meanwhile you are the closet person to you. You are living with you all day long so be nice to that person'





##Why she does it?
It feels like a calling to me. I'm really interested in this stuff. I read books about it.Im passionate about feeling good! Thats my passion so I've made it my number one priority and those who ask , I can answer. My talent.

[16.40] I'm really good at enjoying myself and on top of that I'm really good at sharing that with people. So good that I want to be paid for it. And so it was a beautiful coocreation. I matched up with makers academy. I always ended up doing this at previous jobs without the job title. FOlllowed my heart - has landed me in the most beautiful places. It did. I'm glad that i followed it.

I enjoy it! It's wonderful to watch students improve over the 12 weeks.
`They start off like new born baby dears and by the end of it they are as graceful as ballerinas and that is really cool to see. `

[26]
I feel really blessed to be around these people who are truley amazing. I feel privalaged that they open up. People are incredibly courageous.They open thier hearts and that is really hard to do sometimes. THey aren't doing that as a favour to me, its inspiring. they are opening theri hearts becuase they want to create something wonderful for themselves and share that with those that they love. You are watching the whole change really becuase this is a ripple effect. To bear your soul and make youself vulnerable and question why, to be in that space and hear the answer. I feel admiration and respect for them. I'm learning as well. Its never just me giving. Its always a far exchange and its always matched perfectly. I leave expanded as a person as well with a deeper appreciation. The laughter the fun the playing the smiles the gestures. The energy that they give off. The tenacity.

#experiments
I'm playing. Im lucky - im quite autonomus in my job, free to play and when I'm in that state i feel like im doing really cool things and people recieve them really well. Hey thats awesome - I just have to play. DO something that makes the office run smoother, makes people feel better.

##How does it work?
It starts with you. It starts with caring enough about how you feel and realising that it is going to benefit your life. That you actually start dedicating yourself towards it like you would a diet or tap dancing or learning to code. You say "I you want this. " & you make steps to go towards it.

###Dana - big part of the culture at makers, yoga, meditation,mindfulness, one on ones.
+ tackle from a mind body and emotinal level.

If there is anything I would recomend to any human being then 10 minutes of meditation. I wouldn't even recommend a lot more becuase life is for the living and there is extreme benefit on mastering those ten minutes and then going out there and mix it up. It facilitates something that I can't put into words. It's like the matrix - you have to see it for yourself. It helps to settle the mind. To give you a state of inner peace. This calm, this awareness, a certain clarity. Its indescribable but if feels really good.

From a physical point of view - yoga. I really like yoga because it also heightens awareness.It gets you in your body. MOst of us nowadays are living in our brains. We are not very present. The more attention that you pay to your body and bridge that gap between the you that you think you are and the you that is riding in this flesh and bones vehicle  on this planet, the more rounded you become. There is a certain stability and yoga i find really cultivates that.

From an emotional standpoint I meet people where they are. Agnotistic , Christian. I work with them from an emotional and spiritual standpoint according to thier asking. People who feel drawn to have a chat with me usually have there own understand of how things should proceed.  I don't asert knowledge on anybody. I give people tools to connect wiht themselves and when you see that light go on inside themselves, thats amazing. That's joy for me becuase I know what that feels like myself.

##View on life
11.30 `Everything that you experience , that you go through is about you and your connect with or relationship to yourself. We don't get taught that stuff at school. Its the most important relationship that you will ever have. You could say it's the only relationship that you will ever have when you think about it. You are just looking out through these eyeballs into this 5 sesory world. Your world is your perception. So really it's all in your mind. It's you and you. So have fun - enjoy the ride!

##Enjoy yourself, keep it fun and do what you want to do.
One of her motos. Relax - it's just life on planet earth. We take ourselves really seriously when really there is nothing serious going on. IN fact the most profound things happen to us in a state of play. We are born and the most natural thing is to start playing. This is how we learn- abosobr our work and gain knowledge. As somewhere along the line its gets trained out of us to stop playing , we start changing ourselves to please others. Another moto that i have is do what makes you feel good - The more that you start to tune in to yourself the more you start to trust yourself you begin to see that your gut, your instinct, your intuition is always right and you can practice that. Like you can practise anything, piano, meditation, tai chi or whatever. You start getting really good at it __and you start to become what I call the master of life. We are always in a state of learning. We are eternal beings, we are always prefering what is next. There is nothing wrong, there is nothing serious going on.__
##on happiness
I just feel like I'm experinecing little to large miracles every single day of my life, how can you not feel happy an djoyful and appreciative! Feeling that way perpetuates more of it and you start to get into the this cycle where you are just cloud nining it all the time. i see this in many people who prioritise their joy. You are just overflowing all the time. You just want to share it.

really we are creatures of connection. When you in touch with who you are this positive being of love and fun and joy.

##Be proactive. 16.25
You can push your state of being. start getting momentum, change your life and start getting whatever you want. Sounds dramatic and far out there but I see it all the time

on life [16.00]
Life is meant to be really really fun. Life is meant to be really really good. We get taught a whole lot of premises and believes - got to work for what you want



##Why is a chief joy officer important?
CJO - registered trademark. We are all meant to feel in alignment with who we are, in other words in alignment with our joy. It is important to pay attention to feeling good. Business and being a productive memeber of society, when you are doing things when you are feeling good you seem to be much more producive and inspired and energised. You have momentum. You are inspired as opposed to motivated. Feel good first and then send your emails or talk with your spouse. Raise your frequence. When people feel good they are dynamite.

Lucky with Makers academy, they see the value of maintaining a certain state of mind, of wellness within the team and the students. It's a high stress enviroment . It's intense. I guess they called me on board becuase they realised that somebody needs to pay attention to this because we are not balancing things out really well. This would help the business and the company.

`Well being and happiness can lead to greater sucess at a faster rate` .

#future
Looking forward to having more space.
Bring this to office enviroments becuase it works, it really works. We are starting to understand that its not "business is business " and we can't take emotions with it. We are human beings, everything is emotional. Every single human being does what they do or wants what they want becuase they think that they are going to feel better by doing or having that thing. [32]When you start paying attention you realise you can get the emotion before getting the thing. YOu are cutting to the chase. YOu can be happpy now and more likely the results will just fall on your lap. You feel the thing first and then what you want comes to fruition. People thing it is the other way round - once I have that then I feel good. Why not just feel good! We all have the capability within ourselves of shifting our thoughts and emotions - thats the only thing that we can really control, how you think and what you are thinking about. `We don't realise how truley powerful our thoughts out, we are manifestations of them. we think that life is what is happenign at us but really we are creating our own realities. ` When you give people just a few basic tools of how to shape your world into something that you enjoy - its fun!

#facilitates a chain reaction. `I feel good. I make other people feel good. What more would you want in life. `

#other passions
What do you do for a living. I am a professional enjoyer! Yoga, mediation, partying, I Dj, I produce music , I sing, I frolic alot, I love to dance, to socialise and discover.

__dana works on a freelance basis - on to ones & small groups__

##Whats beautiful
Not preaching but does emit a message of constant positivity.
Simplicity
Feel good, do what makes you happy. Feel joy.
Loves what she does
Holistic approach to wellbeing.
Don't need anything - here - now.
Important teachers at makers
key for making makers as fun and special as it is.
Feedback - queen of snack time.
Embodies do what you love - package - DJ yoga teacher - really works for some reaoson. I'm just getting paid to be myself. The service i provide. Im enjoying them. Other peope are enjoying them. Great.

#infludnces
Parents
looked after and loved
made independant at yong age-walking two miles at 6 years old
allowed to have own minds and own thoughts , follow what felt true to us. thank parents for allowing us to choose who we wanted to be and not stifling that.

[39] - hard times.

I don't pretnend when im sad.I love my sadness as well but when im happy its go time.

message
You create your own reality by virtue of waht you you think and feel. Do what makes you feel good.


happiness now - but need to work at it

tackles it on a emotional, physical and sopiritual level. Feel joy. Be aware.